c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\Data\stockmat_data.mdb
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ReportAppSample.exe.config
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ReportAppSample.exe
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ReportAppSample.pdb
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.EF.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Chart.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.EF.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Chart.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.xml
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Chart.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Chart.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Chart.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.Resources.resources
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.Report1.resources
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.exe.licenses
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.exe
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.pdb
c:\users\hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.PrintRibbonControllerResources.resources
C:\Users\Hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.FrmSample.resources
C:\Users\Hello\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReportAppSample\ReportAppSample\obj\Debug\ReportAppSample.FrmViewer.resources
